[ID] Add `Guides/Videos_from_YouTube` and `Guides/Starting_a_Beatmap_Project` and Update its English and French Articles (#6503)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Guides/Starting_a_Beatmap_Project/en.md

# How to start a beatmap project

*Notice: This article is about the [Beatmap Projects](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/53) forum section and how to approach it. Make sure to read its [forum rules](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/453937) before posting.*

## Making an informative thread title

> *Yes, your thread's title will determine if other osu! users will "yay" or "nay" your Beatmap Project, even before they click on it!*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Yes, your thread's title will determine if other osu! users will "yay" or "nay" your beatmap project, even before they click on it!*
```

This should consist `[Discography]` / `[Album]` / `[Collab]` before the title. Chances are high that your project will be ignored or moved to [AW](/wiki/Abandoned_wasteland) if the thread's title lacks on informations.

Good examples:

- `[Album] Pandora Voxx -complete-`
- `[Discography] Deemo`

Bad examples:

- `starting a new project, need your help with this album`

### Which one do I use?

> **Discography:** List of albums/songs released by the singer/group/composer/game overall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Discography:** List of albums or songs released by the singer, group, or composer, or as the soundtrack for a game.
```

# How to start a beatmap project

> *[Please specify project type (Discography, Album, Collab) by LuigiHann](https://web.archive.org/web/20120719062438/http://osu.ppy.sh/forum/t/12193)*

Reviewer 2: it makes more sense to link directly to a pinned thread with rules: https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/453937, with a caption along the lines of `*Make your project more descriptive by using a correct title*`

> Note: This article is about the [Beatmap Projects](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/53) forum section and how to approach it.

Author: @DoryanR can you provide us with the FR translation for this line?

> Note: This article is about the [Beatmap Projects](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/53) forum section and how to approach it.

Reviewer 3: Check [here](https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/6503/files#r764233298) for the translation
